what do carnivals ketchup and mustard
and sticks have in common absolutely
nothing today we're making pogos step
right up and get to know your
ingredients we have 3/4 cups of corn
flour or cornmeal we have 3/4 cups of
white unbleached flour of your choosing
two and a half tablespoons of sugar
about 1/4 teaspoon of salt Himalayan
Preferred we have about 3/4 cups of soy
or almond milk using almond milk today 1
eggs worth of egg replacer using the
vegg we have 2 teaspoons of baking
powder a pinch of pepper and of course
the freak show of the hot dog world
vegan hot dogs the first thing you're
going to do is put all of your dry
ingredients in your bowl take your
cornmeal and add it to the bowl take
your flour add it to the bowl sugar
I had a teaspoon where are all my
teaspoons let's wing this
two teaspoons of baking powder grind
some pepper whisk it together
there's no clumpy monkeys that funky
monkey now we are going to add our egg
replacer oh now you want to whisk all of
your ingredients together you can add
more milk if you feel like you need it
but you don't want it to be overly runny
but you don't want it to be like a dough
like this I like to do the plop test at
all my dough's this is the kind of plop
you want so you want to take a tall
glass pint glasses are perfect for this
like throwing a hot dog down hallway
what you want to do is pour your batter
into the pint glass take a skewer now
these are very long in comparison to our
wieners but that's okay so you can
always just break them and then stick it
in the wieners there we hole now you
want to roll your weenie in a little bit
of cornstarch and what this does is it
helps the batter to stick to the weenie
dip your weenie into the batter now
let's deep-fry this bad boy now if you
don't have a deep fryer you can just use
a pan a deep pan with a lot of oil but I
happen to have it access to a deep layer
so we're going to use it so I used a non
GMO canola oil
Organic of coals now you just have to
wait for it to deep fry oh five minutes
and there you have it delicious meat
free pogos or corndogs sometimes vegan
recipes can be really gross but they
don't have to be as long as you
subscribe for new videos every Monday
you'll find ones like this or you can
just check out the vegan playlist right
here it doesn't have to be gross because
you're not gross same task he plans but
with an onion which means it's a hundred
times worse are you ready to cry
together